## Client testimonials

- I was at a crossroads in my career and I no longer knew if where I am in my career journey is right for me. I am happy that I met with Kristina and started my coaching sessions. Then I realized the power of the right questions that helped me to get back on track and continue to achieve my goals. I am in my new desired position for more than a year now. Thank you, Kristina!
- Kristina is an expert in her field. With her ability to listen empathically and to ask powerful questions she has helped me to find important answers about my career. Thank you for a journey together!
- At some point in my life I was experiencing huge down moment in my work life. I felt lost, demotivated and many uncertainties around myself as  a team leader and even as a person too. I was adviced  to approach Kristina and just have a talk. When I first time approached Kristina,  all I expected was just one more formal conversation with the advices I knew by myself already. I was quite sceptical. However, after just a few minutes of talking  I actually felt that Kristina is willing to really understand the situation/problem from the core. Not only that – also myself as a person, what is important to me, what values I have and to what direction I would like to go forward.  We met for some more times and I waited for those coaching sessions as I wait meeting my old friend. I loved the questions she addressed to me, sometimes only with answering the question I was lead to eye opener and realisations. Kristina helped me not only to believe in myself once again, gain strenght to solve particular situations, but also reminded that no matter how strong we are, sometimes there is such a beauty to ask help from others and just have someone beside to support us. All in all, Kristina is amazing coach, I believe the main reason is that she simply cares about others a lot and that says it all. THANK YOU, Kristina!
